Mohit Pandharinath Wage
Contact: +91 8275003504 | Email Id: mohit.wage1@gmail.com

Career Objective


Seeking a challenging and responsible position at entry level to enhance my management skills and a position of Laboratory Technician in a reputed Hospital Industry where my abilities can be shown to be of great use and where they can be extended for the company’s good, thus paving my future.


 Education summery


B.VOC.MLT.  (2020 - 2023)
Percentage of Marks – 77.76
College – Swami Vivekanand Mahavidyalaya, udgir
University - Swami Ramanand Teerth Marathwada University, Nanded
H.S.C. 	(2018 - 2020)
Percentage of Marks – 63.08
High School – Swami vivekanand Junior college, udgir
Board - Maharashtra State Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education 
S.S.C. 	(2018)
Percentage of Marks – 49.8
School – Jai hind Public School, udgir
Board - Central Board of Secondary Education

Skill set and Areas of Expertise


6 months of Internship Experience as Medical Lab Technician in Deshmukh laboratories, udgir.
MS office suite - Word, Excel, PPT.
Performed venipuncture through use of instrument such as Syringes.
Labelled and procured blood and other specimens according to specific requirements in a variety of settings such as EDTA for CBC, Fluoride for sugar, Citrate for coagulation tests and Heparin for blood gases.
Expertise knowledge in using Cell Counters and Computerized Auto Analysers for tests such as CBC, Lipid Profile, LFT and KFT.
Assayed routine and special test in departments of Hematology, Clinical biochemistry, Clinical Pathology, Serology, Cytology, and Urology.
Operated and maintained Laboratory instruments including Auto pipette, Centrifuge, Incubators, Cell Counter-ADVIA21201 and Biochemistry analyser-dimension.
Dispensed and dispatched blood sample to various departments manually by categorizing according to tests.
Courteously responding to customers in professional manner.




Personal Details


Full name 		: Mohit Pandharinath Wage
Date of birth 		: 03/12/2001
Language known	: English, Hindi, Marathi,
Marital Status                  : Unmarried
Mobile no.                        : +91 8275003504
Email                                  : mohit.wage1@gmail.com 
Address 		: Chintoba vithoba devsthan trust, near blue springs society, Near Telco colony,    dattanagar, Pune, Maharashtra – 411046.

Declaration


I hereby declare that the above mentioned information is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.


Mohit P. Wage






